Thank you for such a wonderful introduction, great, I'm here today to talk about motivation and I've learned in my few years on this earth that motivation is really the key to effecting change in anything that you do. You can put a paper that was written without any motivation, without any effort and you can put a paper that was written with drive and passion next to each other and it's clear which one is the winner. Motivation is the underlying factor, I believe, in everything that we do on a daily basis. If you don't have motivation in something that you do then you really can't achieve what it is that you want to achieve. Everyone has motivation for things that they're passionate about, things that interest you, things that inspire you and of course you'll have motivation if you play a sport, if you're in drama, if you're in band, you'll have motivation to accomplish that task. But the true test of finding motivation is if you can find it in something that doesn't interest you. Personally, I'm interested in sitting through town council meetings and reading the 404 page town of Barnstable budget but others might not find so much paper so interesting. However, motivation can be found in everything that you do. I like to look at it in terms of finding motivation as just putting yourself in someone else's shoes. When you're questioning why do I have to do this, why do I have to put in the time, why do I have to put in the effort, you can just look at what you're doing and say this helps this person because or this person is going to appreciate my effort and my motivation on this task because. And I've always found that that appreciation that others have for the effort that you put in, that's what motivates me, the fact that someone's going to appreciate what I did. So when the teacher gives you a paper or something to do and you say this is stupid, I have better things to do, I'd much rather go outside and throw a football, whatever it is, look at it and say this person is going to appreciate the work. This person put in the effort to create the assignment, now they're going to see it and they're going to appreciate it. And I do that in every assignment that I'm given and everything that is ever brought before me. And that's always something that I think we need to go out and look at when we go out to tackle an issue. Filing papers, people might not find it interesting, but think about how much help you're doing to somebody else. Think about the responsibility that you're helping someone else fulfill. And that sort of help and appreciation motivates you. For me, fine dressing is something that I like to do every single day, and I don't just do it because I enjoy it, I do it because people appreciate it. People see that I took the extra time to prepare myself for whatever it is that I'm doing, and they thank me for it. And that thanks, that appreciation, is truly what motivates me to go out and do whatever it is that is put before me. So I want to finish briefly just by saying that motivation is so important in anything that you do. And without it, you really can't accomplish what you want. But with it, you have the passion to effect change, you have the passion to make a difference, and you really do have the passion to go out and change the way things are done and make a difference in anything that you want to do. Thank you for your time and your ears. 